README.md, before:

## Overview
This is the start of a library for [Twilio](http://www.twilio.com/). Gotwilio supports making voice calls, sending text messages, validating requests, and creating TWiML responses.

## License
Gotwilio is licensed under a BSD license.

## Installation
To install gotwilio, simply run `go get github.com/Januzellij/gotwilio`, until the original author has merged my pull request.

## Todo
Get Twilio credentials from environment variables
Start implementing the account usage API
Generate docs with http://godoc.org

## SMS Example

	package main

	import (
		"github.com/Januzellij/gotwilio"
	)

	func main() {
		accountSid := "ABC123..........ABC123"
		authToken := "ABC123..........ABC123"
		twilio := gotwilio.NewTwilioClient(accountSid, authToken)

		from := "+15555555555"
		to := "+15555555555"
		message := "Welcome to gotwilio!"
		twilio.SendSMS(from, to, message, "", "")
	}
	
## Voice Example

	package main

	import (
		"github.com/Januzellij/gotwilio"
	)

	func main() {
		accountSid := "ABC123..........ABC123"
		authToken := "ABC123..........ABC123"
		twilio := gotwilio.NewTwilioClient(accountSid, authToken)

		from := "+15555555555"
		to := "+15555555555"
		callbackParams := gotwilio.NewCallbackParameters("http://example.com")
		twilio.CallWithUrlCallbacks(from, to, callbackParams)
	}

## Validate Example

	package main

	import (
		"github.com/Januzellij/gotwilio"
		"net/http"
	)

	func root(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request) {
		url := "http://example.com/"
		authToken := "12345"
		err := gotwilio.Validate(r, url, authToken)
		if err != nil {
			// do something
		}
	}

	func main() {
		http.HandleFunc("/", root)
		http.ListenAndServe(":8080", nil)
	}

## Twiml Response Example

	package main

	import (
		"github.com/Januzellij/gotwilio"
		"os"
	)

	func main() {
		resp := gotwilio.NewTwimlResponse()
		newGather := gotwilio.Gather{Method: "POST"}
		newGather.Say = gotwilio.Say{Text: "test", Voice: "alice"}
		resp.AddVerb(newGather)
		err := resp.SendTwimlResponse(os.Stdout) // when using Twiml in a real web app, this would actually be written to a http.ResponseWriter.
		if err != nil {
			// your XML was incorrect
		}
	}

Commit message:

added client constructor with environment variables

README.md, after:

## Overview
This is the start of a library for [Twilio](http://www.twilio.com/). Gotwilio supports making voice calls, sending text messages, validating requests, and creating TWiML responses.

## License
Gotwilio is licensed under a BSD license.

## Installation
To install gotwilio, simply run `go get github.com/Januzellij/gotwilio`, until the original author has merged my pull request.

## Todo
Start implementing the account usage API
Generate docs with http://godoc.org

## Getting Started
Just create a Twilio client with either NewTwilioClient(accountSid, authToken) or NewTwilioClientFromEnvironment(), and store the accountSid and authToken in TWILIO_ACCOUNT_SID and TWILIO_AUTH_TOKEN environment variables, respectively.

## SMS Example

	package main

	import "github.com/Januzellij/gotwilio"

	func main() {
		accountSid := "ABC123..........ABC123"
		authToken := "ABC123..........ABC123"
		twilio := gotwilio.NewTwilioClient(accountSid, authToken)

		from := "+15555555555"
		to := "+15555555555"
		message := "Welcome to gotwilio!"
		twilio.SendSMS(from, to, message, "", "")
	}
	
## Voice Example

	package main

	import "github.com/Januzellij/gotwilio"

	func main() {
		accountSid := "ABC123..........ABC123"
		authToken := "ABC123..........ABC123"
		twilio := gotwilio.NewTwilioClient(accountSid, authToken)

		from := "+15555555555"
		to := "+15555555555"
		callbackParams := gotwilio.NewCallbackParameters("http://example.com")
		twilio.CallWithUrlCallbacks(from, to, callbackParams)
	}

## Validate Example

	package main

	import (
		"github.com/Januzellij/gotwilio"
		"net/http"
	)

	func root(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request) {
		url := "http://example.com/"
		authToken := "12345"
		err := gotwilio.Validate(r, url, authToken)
		if err != nil {
			// do something
		}
	}

	func main() {
		http.HandleFunc("/", root)
		http.ListenAndServe(":8080", nil)
	}

## Twiml Response Example

	package main

	import (
		"github.com/Januzellij/gotwilio"
		"os"
	)

	func main() {
		resp := gotwilio.NewTwimlResponse()
		newGather := gotwilio.Gather{Method: "POST"}
		newGather.Say = gotwilio.Say{Text: "test", Voice: "alice"}
		resp.AddVerb(newGather)
		err := resp.SendTwimlResponse(os.Stdout) // when using Twiml in a real web app, this would actually be written to a http.ResponseWriter.
		if err != nil {
			// your XML was incorrect
		}
	}
